Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: pyphs
Version: 0.1.2
Summary: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Home-page: https://github.com/A-Falaize/pyphs
Author: Antoine Falaize
Author-email: antoine.falaize@gmail.com
License: 
Copyright or (c) or Copr. Project-Team S3 (Sound Signals and Systems) and Analysis/Synthesis team, Laboratory of Sciences and Technologies of Music and Sound (UMR 9912), IRCAM-CNRS-UPMC, 1 place Igor Stravinsky, F-75004 Paris contributor(s) : Antoine Falaize, Thomas Hélie, Thu Jul 9 23:11:37 2015 corresponding contributor: antoine.falaize@ircam.fr

This software (pyphs) is a computer program whose purpose is to generate C++ code for the simulation of multiphysics system described by graph structures, through  a port-Hamiltonian formulation of the system dynamics. It is composed of a single python package 'pyphs'. This software is governed by the CeCILL-B license under French law and abiding by the rules of distribution of free software. You can use, modify and/ or redistribute the software under the terms of the CeCILL-B license as circulated by CEA, CNRS and INRIA at the following URL "http://www.cecill.info".

As a counterpart to the access to the source code and rights to copy, modify and redistribute granted by the license, users are provided only with a limited warranty and the software's author, the holder of the economic rights, and the successive licensors have only limited liability. In this respect, the user's attention is drawn to the risks associated with loading, using, modifying and/or developing or reproducing the software by the user in light of its specific status of free software, that may mean that it is complicated to manipulate, and that also therefore means that it is reserved for developers and experienced professionals having in-depth computer knowledge. Users are therefore encouraged to load and test the software's suitability as regards their requirements in conditions enabling the security of their systems and/or data to be ensured and, more generally, to use and operate it in the same conditions as regards security.

Description: # pyphs
        
        The python package 'pyphs' provides a set of methods for the automated modelisation and generation of simulation code for passive multiphysical systems. It is built on the 'Port-Hamiltonian Systems' paradygm that structures physical systems into energy conserving, power dissipating and source parts.
        
        
        This is encoded in the structure of the 'pyphs.PortHamiltonianSystem' object.
        
Keywords: dynamical systems,numerical analysis,passive systems,port-hamiltonian systems
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: CEA CNRS Inria Logiciel Libre License, version 2.1 (CeCILL-2.1)
Classifier: Natural Language :: English
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Operating System :: MacOS :: MacOS X
Classifier: Environment :: MacOS X
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Physics
